Integrate go perun tutorial (#48)
hyperledger-labs/perun-doc: source/go-perun/index.rst

Go-Perun
========

> 

Reviewer: Could we add a short introduction to `go-perun` before the `developer tutorial` section ?

Author: Yes, this was also planned. But it needs some time and I propose to do it in another PR.

> Go-Perun

Reviewer 2: There are now multiple top-level sites:  
`Introduction`, `Concepts`, `Go-Perun` and `Perun-node`.  
I think this is a bit confusion to someone who opens the page for the first time. We should at least rename `Go-Perun` to `Tutorial`.

Author: I think this has to do how sphinx documentation pages work. The idea is that go-perun can cover anything related to the go-perun Framework component, not just the tutorial.

========

> `go-perun <https://github.com/perun-network/go-perun>`_ is a Go implementation of the Perun state channel protocols.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`go-perun <https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/go-perun>`_ is a Go implementation of the Perun state channel protocols.
```

Reviewer 2: We did not review the links in all our projects yet to point to `HLL` instead of `perun-network`. This discussion is a good reminder.
